here is my 30 gallon tropical fish
freshwater tank as you can see we have a
lot more than 30 inch worth of fish in a
solarium probably have about 60 fish
have some few large ones there's a lot
of little neon tetras in the back
different type of tetras the two largest
being a koi angelfish having an issue
with the nitrite problem and that is due
to such a large volume of fish however
I've hooked up a Rena canister filter
made for 175 gallon tank which has been
doing a great job and it's starting to
knock those nitrite levels down the tank
is just barely over a month old we also
have a filter hanging off the back a
Marineland by a wheel filter it's a
really nice looking tape
kids really like their little t-rex in
the front and this thing was built for
Joey who turned eight about a month and
a half ago and we've been having a lot
of fun with this tank
it's too coy angel the beautiful fish
definitely a lot of water move in I also
really enjoy this fake coral rock I
picked up at Petsmart for $49 actually
has a lot of nice colors with the LED
lights this is a 30 gallon boat front
tank from marine land that I picked up
over at Petsmart
we have everything in this tank we have
frogs we have shrimp we have some
glow-in-the-dark here some catfish some
text lies neon tetras red fin tetras we
have some glass fish in the back we have
some fancy Guppies Somalis some dinos
so one thing I like when I have a fish
tank I really enjoy to see lots of fish
that's reason why I'm upgrading the
filter system make sure we can enjoy a
higher quantity of fish got some live
plants in there there's a little frog
maybe like three of those frogs this is
being filmed with my cell phone
this is the Google next Galaxy Nexus S
that came out in December actually take
some great video
so two koi angelfish